00:00 What's up, y'all. Uh, I wanted to make a video before we go on-site, just going through some of the key bits of information to know about Axiom as an account, um, what their architecture looks like, the pain points, how we can help, all that good stuff.
00:15 Just for context, um, this guide is accessible. I sent it in the Slack channel. It is password-protected just because there's some sensitive information for Axiom, um, and that's also a battle card, um, which is just sort of like a one-pager that details many of the things going in this video, but I'm
00:32 going to go into a bit more detail. So, starting off, uh, Axiom is a company, um, they are a marketing data services company.
00:39 Um, essentially what that means is, uh, various Fortune 500 and large organizations, they have all sorts of, uh, customer data, but that customer data is largely, um, essentially incomplete.
00:49 So, you may have an email address, but you don't have a phone number, you have a first name and a last name, but you don't have an address, so on and so forth.
00:56 over the course of 40 years, has maintained a database with all sorts of information to help resolve that identity so you can understand and take your customer data and get the exact correct person, enrich it with all sorts of proprietary or third-party data that only Axiom has, uh, information to, or
01:18 that would be very difficult for others to be able to access, so think, like, specific, like, credit score information, or, you know, history, whatever it may be, and then lastly, they're able to track, because they do this for so long, they're able to track not only the, the demographic information,
01:35 but also, like, Okay. Do these campaigns work? Do you respond? How have you actually acted in the past? But I have all sorts of different breakdowns of the services, uh, and unique differentiators, uh, feel free to click around the app to, to get more of a granular detail.
01:49 Uh, the, the way that they're making their money is that they're basically providing these insights to clients, so clients will send over data to them, which is like a customer list, and then they output some sort of results.
02:02 Um, what I'm describing right here is the architecture that they, uh, both currently have and are working more towards. Um, there's basically three teams involved.
02:13 There's an implementations team, a supports team, and an operations team. So think of the implementation team as the, as the group that's going to identify and drive the initial, uh, build out of a project.
02:24 What happens is clients will basically meet with Axiom, Axiom will go and have this giant Excel spreadsheet that they fill out, and then from there, the teams are able to go and, and basically build out these various layers.
02:39 What this is basically doing is exactly what I described before. We're taking raw data. We are mapping, uh, an email or a name to a full identity.
02:48 We are then. Then adding more context and information, providing sort of subsets of that data to various downstream teams who are then creating the exact reports and insights that they use that will then be consumed, um, whether, you know, in a tool like Databricks or Snowflake, uh, extracted and sent
03:06 out, uh, via file extraction, hooked up to an app like Salesforce, Marketing Cloud, uh, or Adobe. Um, and then aspirationally to be able to use, like, AI for, like, conversational analytics.
03:18 Um, the most important thing to know here is that you have an implementations team and what their vision and their goal is to be able to go and automate the build of the process once they get all the correct requirements.
03:32 Uh, beyond the implementations team, you have a support team. They're in charge of building of maintaining ad hoc requests. So if a client maybe sees credit score data, um, in the last six months and they want to see it in the last year, they go to the client support team to get that information.
03:47 And then operations is maintaining and managing the pipeline. So if, if, uh, there is some sort of error with, uh, with a file that was loaded in or there's some sort of data inconsistencies, it's on operations to go and troubleshoot this.
04:01 Now the pain points, and, and before I go into the specifics here, really you can think of this as, like, it's an efficiency play.
04:07 The more efficient their teams are, the more they can service, uh, these folks on multiple projects and charge more for, um, more, uh, for a given, uh, developer or, or Axiom person's time.
04:24 God. What this actually looks like when you're thinking of the pain points that they're dealing with, the first one is this slow deployment.
04:30 So the implementations team having to manually map out the, the forms to the actual build out can take a ton of time.
04:38 Um, it's also important to note that it varies from architecture to architecture. So they have clients on multiple data platforms, on multiple clouds, and so there's unique configurations that they need to manually, Eat.
04:49 Uh, map out each time. And so, you know, we can go over and you can read the implications of that.
04:55 But, you know, it's, it's slip delivery. They want to be on time on budget. From a support standpoint, it's all about them not having the technical skill set to, to meet most support requirements.
05:08 They often need to send a ticket back to the implementation team to help them out. This is a really important part because Keith Johnson, who's an Axiom employee, who's, who's big on, on this operations, feels that DBT as a SQL, uh, solution primarily, is even too technical for the support team.
05:28 This is why, you know, Tool Life Prophecy was being considered. So it'd be really important to be able to speak to, uh, you know, our ways of being able to help with, help with the support team.
05:37 Not just with SQL, but also with, uh, you know, AI and prompt-based workflows, but in the current solution, uh, you know, using something like Python is, is, is, uhm, a sticking point because, you know, Daxter uses Python.
05:50 Uh, the data quality challenges, uh, the operations team, they don't have data validation, uh, built out. This is going to be a new feature in their legacy solution, Fused.
06:01 This was a huge pain point, uhm, and what Andy Howell was saying, who's, uhm, sort of an overseer of a lot of these, is that, if you have issues that take place from the operations side, they typically are not one-off, they are systemic, and so when you have contracts that are often three or five years
06:18 long, this means, uh, you know, increasing time spent troubleshooting, uhm, instead of having one person being able to, uh, you know, govern or, or observe the behavior of four or five accounts, they only have to, you know, it's more like one person goes and governs the activity of one account, so this
06:37 is what they're, they're solving for. From a cost concerns, this is really about being able to have clear visibility into the data platform spend.
06:49 The current workflow is reactive, uhm, there's limited capacity to go and run these pipelines as lean and efficiently as possible, and it goes back to some of these, these points up here, uhm, the concerns of people having to, uh, be more limited in their, in their work capacity.
07:06 And then lastly, the inconsistent metrics, what this really comes down to is the ability to launch new metrics. New product lines, uh, is unavailable if they can't solve this metrics consistency and metrics availability problem.
07:20 So if you're thinking of, like, if you're, like, a genie and you want to solve the wishes of Axiom, what it really comes down to is how can we go and make a click of a button where 80% of the deployment is complete simply by pressing, you know, a button.
07:37 It's providing an interface so that support doesn't need to go to implementation to solve its problems. It's data quality and observability tools so that operations can service more than just one client.
07:51 They can service four or five clients per, per individual. It's greater visibility and cost prevention mechanisms within these data platforms that they're onboarding.
08:01 Um, and then it's, um, the capacity to go and charge, uh, for a new product line of conversational AI and, and semantic related capabilities.
08:11 So I won't go too in, in depth because we all work at DBT and we can all read this to, to see what this actually looks like.
08:17 The one that's a bit more bespoke and unique is this automated, uh, dock-to-design. This would be something that we would really need our solutions for.
08:25 Our first architect, I'm not, that's me, um, our resident architect, Tyler Riles, to help out with, which is this idea of using things like Terraform and Git, uh, Git Actions and some of the more, like, programmatic API-based capabilities of our platform to help them build the solution where user fills
08:43 out a form, they click a button, and all this stuff is provisioned. Um, outside of that, it's fairly cut-and-dry, but, you know, especially for like, Angela, Steve, like, some of these things right here, the observability, the, uh, support team, this is gonna be really more, like, wizard-based, and convincing
08:59 them that DBT has lowered the technical barrier to entry enough that it could tap into a, a prophecy persona, um, as well as, you know, describing something like Prism to show how, uh, our semantic layer goes beyond just defining metrics, it really gives.
09:13 So, a world-class experience in retrieving information, and then lastly, um, where we've helped out, um, the, the main things I'd just like to call out here is, uh, we've already built out the framework, or we're actively building out this framework with Axiom right now.
09:28 We don't have, like, a great metric to point to, and, and maybe this is something that we need to work on, uh, either before or during the on-site, uh, but Tyler Rouse has done a great job.
09:38 of partnering both with the Dagster team as well as with, you know, the Axiom folks, getting as many people on board as possible, I believe we have 49 out of 50 of our seats already allocated, and we're, you know, only halfway through the one-year contract.
09:52 We have set up reusable patterns, which ties back into, you know, this pain point right here, uh, and, and the data quality framework is, is, is being built out as well.
10:02 Other customer stories we can focus on, something like Kineso, uhm, again, we, we may want to get things that are a bit more interesting, but the main thing to understand here is that they service thousands of clients with a relatively small data team.
10:18 I think they're aspirationally going for thousands, they may be at hundreds right now. So they basically have templatized their pipeline so that with DAGs or DBs.
10:26 They're able to service more clients per developer. And then they have a downstream team who whenever they need things that are a bit more ad hoc, they can help out with it.
10:35 So it's really this, this, this dynamic is what Axiom is ultimately going for, more developer productivity and more self-service. And then I use USAA as an example.
10:45 You know, it's, it's our largest customer, I believe, 1,100 seats and really pretty well The, the main things I like to call out here is modernization was completed without rising costs, implementation, and it's led to, uh, the ability to respond to events very, very quickly when it comes to troubleshooting
11:04 all metrics and KPIs that are relevant to Axiom. So ping me if you got any questions. Some of this content may evolve, um, as we get closer to Tuesday, but this hopefully can give you a good day to get taste of, of how to get started.